FIX_GIT_PUSH_ERROR.md, before:

# 🔧 Fix: GitHub Push Protection Error

## ❌ Error Message

```
remote: error: GH013: Repository rule violations found for refs/heads/main.
remote: - Push cannot contain secrets
remote: —— Shopify App Shared Secret —————————————————————————
```

## ✅ Solution

GitHub detected your API secret in the files. I've removed all credentials from tracked files.

### What Was Fixed

1. ✅ **config/config.php** - Removed hardcoded credentials, now uses environment variables only
2. ✅ **API_CREDENTIALS_CONFIRMED.md** - Deleted (contained credentials)
3. ✅ **SECURITY_NOTES.md** - Removed all credential references
4. ✅ **.env.example** - Created as template (safe to commit)
5. ✅ **index.php** - Added .env file loader

## 🚀 Next Steps

### Step 1: Create .env File

Create a `.env` file in your project root:

```bash
# Copy the example
cp .env.example .env
```

Then edit `.env` and add your credentials:

```bash
SHOPIFY_API_KEY=a53fcb46618232fcc1aca1bf585e700d
SHOPIFY_API_SECRET=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
```

### Step 2: Verify .env is in .gitignore

Check that `.env` is in `.gitignore` (it should be already):

```bash
# .env should be listed
cat .gitignore | grep .env
```

### Step 3: Remove Credentials from Git History

If credentials were already committed, you need to remove them:

```bash
# Option A: If you haven't pushed yet, amend the commit
git add config/config.php SECURITY_NOTES.md
git commit --amend --no-edit
git push origin main

# Option B: If already pushed, create a new commit removing credentials
git add config/config.php SECURITY_NOTES.md
git commit -m "Remove API credentials from tracked files"
git push origin main
```

### Step 4: Test the Application

After setting up `.env` file:

1. Visit: `https://reportpro.codelocksolutions.com/oauth_install.php?shop=your-test-shop.myshopify.com`
2. Should work with credentials from `.env` file

## ✅ Verification Checklist

- [ ] `.env` file created with credentials
- [ ] `.env` is in `.gitignore`
- [ ] `config/config.php` has no hardcoded credentials
- [ ] No credential files in Git
- [ ] Application loads credentials from `.env`
- [ ] OAuth installation works

## 🔒 Security Reminder

**Your credentials:**
- API Key: `a53fcb46618232fcc1aca1bf585e700d`
- API Secret: `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`

**Store these in:**
- ✅ `.env` file (not in Git)
- ✅ Server environment variables
- ❌ NOT in `config/config.php`
- ❌ NOT in any tracked files
- ❌ NOT in documentation

## 🚨 If Credentials Were Already Pushed

If your credentials were already pushed to GitHub:

1. **Regenerate API Secret** in Shopify Partner Dashboard:
   - Go to App setup → Client credentials
   - Click "Regenerate" for API secret
   - Old secret is now compromised

2. **Update your `.env` file** with new secret

3. **Remove from Git history** (if repository allows):
   ```bash
   # Use git filter-branch or BFG Repo-Cleaner
   # Or contact GitHub support
   ```

## 📝 Files Changed

- ✅ `config/config.php` - Uses environment variables only
- ✅ `index.php` - Loads .env file
- ✅ `.env.example` - Template file (safe to commit)
- ✅ `SETUP_CREDENTIALS.md` - Setup instructions
- ❌ `API_CREDENTIALS_CONFIRMED.md` - Deleted (contained secrets)

## 🎯 Now You Can Push

After these changes:

```bash
git add .
git commit -m "Remove API credentials from tracked files, use environment variables"
git push origin main
```

This should work now! ✅

Commit message:

Remove all API credentials from documentation files

FIX_GIT_PUSH_ERROR.md, after:

# 🔧 Fix: GitHub Push Protection Error

## ❌ Error Message

```
remote: error: GH013: Repository rule violations found for refs/heads/main.
remote: - Push cannot contain secrets
remote: —— Shopify App Shared Secret —————————————————————————
```

## ✅ Solution

GitHub detected your API secret in the files. I've removed all credentials from tracked files.

### What Was Fixed

1. ✅ **config/config.php** - Removed hardcoded credentials, now uses environment variables only
2. ✅ **API_CREDENTIALS_CONFIRMED.md** - Deleted (contained credentials)
3. ✅ **SECURITY_NOTES.md** - Removed all credential references
4. ✅ **.env.example** - Created as template (safe to commit)
5. ✅ **index.php** - Added .env file loader

## 🚀 Next Steps

### Step 1: Create .env File

Create a `.env` file in your project root:

```bash
# Copy the example
cp .env.example .env
```

Then edit `.env` and add your credentials:

```bash
SHOPIFY_API_KEY=your_api_key_here
SHOPIFY_API_SECRET=your_api_secret_here
```

### Step 2: Verify .env is in .gitignore

Check that `.env` is in `.gitignore` (it should be already):

```bash
# .env should be listed
cat .gitignore | grep .env
```

### Step 3: Remove Credentials from Git History

If credentials were already committed, you need to remove them:

```bash
# Option A: If you haven't pushed yet, amend the commit
git add config/config.php SECURITY_NOTES.md
git commit --amend --no-edit
git push origin main

# Option B: If already pushed, create a new commit removing credentials
git add config/config.php SECURITY_NOTES.md
git commit -m "Remove API credentials from tracked files"
git push origin main
```

### Step 4: Test the Application

After setting up `.env` file:

1. Visit: `https://reportpro.codelocksolutions.com/oauth_install.php?shop=your-test-shop.myshopify.com`
2. Should work with credentials from `.env` file

## ✅ Verification Checklist

- [ ] `.env` file created with credentials
- [ ] `.env` is in `.gitignore`
- [ ] `config/config.php` has no hardcoded credentials
- [ ] No credential files in Git
- [ ] Application loads credentials from `.env`
- [ ] OAuth installation works

## 🔒 Security Reminder

**Your credentials:**
- Get these from Shopify Partner Dashboard → App setup → Client credentials
- Store them in `.env` file (not in Git)

**Store these in:**
- ✅ `.env` file (not in Git)
- ✅ Server environment variables
- ❌ NOT in `config/config.php`
- ❌ NOT in any tracked files
- ❌ NOT in documentation

## 🚨 If Credentials Were Already Pushed

If your credentials were already pushed to GitHub:

1. **Regenerate API Secret** in Shopify Partner Dashboard:
   - Go to App setup → Client credentials
   - Click "Regenerate" for API secret
   - Old secret is now compromised

2. **Update your `.env` file** with new secret

3. **Remove from Git history** (if repository allows):
   ```bash
   # Use git filter-branch or BFG Repo-Cleaner
   # Or contact GitHub support
   ```

## 📝 Files Changed

- ✅ `config/config.php` - Uses environment variables only
- ✅ `index.php` - Loads .env file
- ✅ `.env.example` - Template file (safe to commit)
- ✅ `SETUP_CREDENTIALS.md` - Setup instructions
- ❌ `API_CREDENTIALS_CONFIRMED.md` - Deleted (contained secrets)

## 🎯 Now You Can Push

After these changes:

```bash
git add .
git commit -m "Remove API credentials from tracked files, use environment variables"
git push origin main
```

This should work now! ✅
